Subscribing to notifications documentation (#3248)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Reference/Notifications/index.md

verified-against: beta-2
---

:::note

> Events was renamed to Notifications in V9, this article is only relevant for V9. For V8 equivalent see: [Events](../Events)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Umbraco 9 Events has been renamed to Notifications. This article is only relevant if you are using Umbraco 9.
For V8 equivalent see: [Events](../Events)
```
